README.md, before:

# wp-snippets
Code Snippet Library for WordPress 

##### CSS
- [wp native](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/css/wp-native.css)

##### Dashboard
- [insert custom dashboard widgets](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/insert-custom-dashboard-widgets.php)
- [insert custom toolbar link](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/insert-custom-toolbar-link.php)
- [remove dashboard widgets](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/remove-dashboard-widgets.php)
- [remove menus dashboard](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/remove-menus-dashboard.php)
- [remove some menu items](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/remove-some-menu-items.php)
- [unregister default widgets](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/unregister-default-widgets.php)

##### Navegação
- [get description menu](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/navegacao/get-description-menu.php)
- [insert breadcrumbs](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/navegacao/insert-breadcrumbs.php)


##### Page
- [insert tag pages](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/page/insert-tag-pages.php)
- [navigation between pages](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/page/navigation-between-pages.php)

##### Post
- [count view posts](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/post/count-view-posts.php)
- [insert more buttons editor](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/post/insert-more-buttons-editor.php)
- [view popular posts](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/post/view-popular-posts.php)

##### Theme Suport
- [remove image size attributes](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/theme-suport/remove-image-size-attributes.php)
- [remove junk header](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/theme-suport/remove-junk-header.php)
- [remove recent comment style](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/theme-suport/remove-recent-comment-style.php)
- [remove theme suport](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/theme-suport/remove-theme-suport.php)

##### Wp-config
- [wp config](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/tree/master/wp-config)

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT.md) © [Anderson Nascimento](https://github.com/theandersonn)

Commit message:

Insert readme > Questions and Suggestions

README.md, after:

# WP Snippets

> Code Snippet Library for WordPress

##### CSS
- [wp native](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/css/wp-native.css)

##### Dashboard
- [insert custom dashboard widgets](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/insert-custom-dashboard-widgets.php)
- [insert custom toolbar link](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/insert-custom-toolbar-link.php)
- [remove dashboard widgets](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/remove-dashboard-widgets.php)
- [remove menus dashboard](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/remove-menus-dashboard.php)
- [remove some menu items](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/remove-some-menu-items.php)
- [unregister default widgets](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/dashboard/unregister-default-widgets.php)

##### Navigation
- [get description menu](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/navegacao/get-description-menu.php)
- [insert breadcrumbs](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/navegacao/insert-breadcrumbs.php)


##### Page
- [insert tag pages](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/page/insert-tag-pages.php)
- [navigation between pages](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/page/navigation-between-pages.php)

##### Post
- [count view posts](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/post/count-view-posts.php)
- [insert more buttons editor](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/post/insert-more-buttons-editor.php)
- [view popular posts](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/post/view-popular-posts.php)

##### Theme Suport
- [remove image size attributes](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/theme-suport/remove-image-size-attributes.php)
- [remove junk header](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/theme-suport/remove-junk-header.php)
- [remove recent comment style](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/theme-suport/remove-recent-comment-style.php)
- [remove theme suport](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/theme-suport/remove-theme-suport.php)

##### Wp-config
- [wp config](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/tree/master/wp-config)

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## Questions and Suggestions
If you have any questions or suggestions , open an [issue](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/issues/new) and send your feedback.

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/theandersonn/wp-snippets/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT.md) © [Anderson Nascimento](https://github.com/theandersonn)
